**Abstract:**
1.	Wild deer are iconic symbols of Scotland’s cultural heritage, but their burgeoning populations are increasingly contributing to ecological and socio-economic harm. In response, the Scottish Government is considering new legislation to increase the annual deer cull, aiming to reduce deer numbers to sustainable levels and help mitigate these negative impacts. However, this could be contentious and faces potential public backlash. Deer are also prominent in the Scottish media, with stakeholders increasingly acknowledging the broader implications for wildlife conservation and land management. 
2.	We designed an online experiment to test whether members of the Scottish public perceived increasing the deer cull in Scotland to be more or less acceptable depending on message frames in online news articles. Drawing from framing in existing national news coverage on this issue, we tested the influence of text frames, gain/loss frames, and image frames. 
3.	Most participants indicated that it would be acceptable to increase the deer cull in Scotland. We found limited evidence for the influence of message framing; only the image frame helped to explain variation in the acceptability of increasing the deer cull. 
4.	Instead, participant characteristics – including gender identity, social identities (deer stalkers or animal protectionists), general experiences and perceptions of deer, and trust in the government to make the right decisions regarding the environment – were more strongly associated with differences in perceptions. 
5.	Policy implications: Pre-existing opinions and social identities may diminish the effectiveness of message framing in this context, offering insights for organisations active in the discourse around deer management reform in Scotland. The stronger influence of image frames is particularly relevant given the rising prevalence of social and image-based media as news sources. 
